Building and running the reconnection test problem:

Follow the instructions in the README file.  This test problem
requires the Make.config-Recon configuration file:
  ln -fs Make.config-Recon Make.config

To build the CVODE-enabled executable, you'll type
  make cvRecon

You'll need the following files from the inputs/ directory:
cvcontrol_recon.inp, mesh_recon.inp mhd_recon.inp prop_recon.inp.
These should be placed in the runtime directory when you run cvRecon.
These files should be renamed to cvcontrol.inp, mesh.inp, mhd.inp and
prop.inp, respectively.

You can then run the executable as usual:
  ./cvRecon

When running in parallel, ensure that the number of processes
specified in mesh.inp (P = xprocs*yprocs*zprocs) matches the number
that MPI is launched with.




Building and running the Kelvin-Helmholtz test problem:

Follow the instructions in the README file.  This test problem
requires the Make.config-KH configuration file:
  ln -fs Make.config-KH Make.config

To build the CVODE-enabled executable, you'll type
  make cvKH

You'll need the following files from the inputs/ directory:
cvcontrol_kh.inp, kh_init.inp, mesh_kh.inp mhd_kh.inp prop_kh.inp.
These should be placed in the runtime directory when you run cvKH.
The first one and last three of these files should be renamed to
cvcontrol.inp, mesh.inp, mhd.inp and prop.inp, respectively.

You can then run the executable as usual:
  ./cvKH

When running in parallel, ensure that the number of processes
specified in mesh.inp (P = xprocs*yprocs*zprocs) matches the number
that MPI is launched with.




Building and running the Rayleigh-Taylor test problem:

Follow the instructions in the README file.  This test problem
requires the Make.config-RT configuration file:
  ln -fs Make.config-RT Make.config

To build the CVODE-enabled executable, you'll type
  make cvRT

You'll need the following files from the inputs/ directory:
cvcontrol_rt.inp, mesh_rt.inp mhd_rt.inp prop_rt.inp, rm5.coef and
rt_init.inp.  These should be placed in the runtime directory when you
run cvRT. The first four of these files should be renamed to
cvcontrol.inp mesh.inp, mhd.inp and prop.inp, respectively. 

You can then run the executable as usual:
  ./cvRT

When running in parallel, ensure that the number of processes
specified in mesh.inp (P = xprocs*yprocs*zprocs) matches the number
that MPI is launched with.

